Thank you. At ease, please.
Well, thank you all very much. Thank you, Liza. And I appreciate that warm welcome. It's almost enough to make me want to run for office again. Almost.
My duty today is to help administer the oath of office to your new administrator. I know it's a proud moment for Steve Preston and his family, and he's got a great family. And we're glad to have all of them with us here today. Steve, of course, was recently confirmed by the United States Senate -- and I note that the nomination got through without requiring me to cast a tie-breaking vote -- -- which is a good indicator. In fact, the Senate approved the nomination by unanimous consent, and that is a reflection of the high confidence that all of us have in Steve Preston for this important assignment.
Steve comes to the office with the great respect of current and former colleagues. He's a strong executive with a superb track record in the private sector. He understands the world of commerce and free enterprise from every angle; he's a man who focuses on results; and he's deeply committed to this agency and to its mission. The President and I are very pleased he has accepted this opportunity to serve the country.
Under Steve's leadership, the Small Business Administration will maintain its critical role in strengthening the free enterprise system in the United States. Americans are, by nature, an entrepreneurial people -- and we have filled a continental nation with small firms that create the majority of our economy's new jobs and export their products to the world. The incredible strength, vibrancy, and flexibility of our economy spring from the creative gifts of men and women striving in freedom. So every step that government takes to encourage free enterprise adds not just to the wealth of our society, but also to its character.
So the President has taken important steps to assist small business owners and their employees by reducing taxes, encouraging investment, and removing obstacles to their growth. Under tax relief signed by President Bush, 25 million small business owners have received tax cuts averaging $3,600 a year just last year alone. We increased the annual deduction for equipment purchases for small businesses, from $25,000 to $100,000. And we began to phase out the unfair federal death tax.
Because small and medium sized companies make up the vast majority of U.S. exporters, we've also expanded free trade opportunities for the nation's entrepreneurs. We're also working to make health care more affordable for small businesses and for their employees. We are urging Congress to enact Association Health Plans -- so that small firms can pool together to have the same negotiating leverage as larger companies.
An effective, proactive Small Business Administration is part of our administration's comprehensive agenda to promote free enterprise. And this agency is well equipped for the task. For a half-century the SBA has come through for small businesses with everything from start-up loans, to venture capital, to contracting opportunities. The beneficiaries of SBA assistance have numbered in the millions, and the good impact on our economy would be nearly impossible to overstate.
I also want to offer a word of gratitude to the men and women who work at SBA, not just here in Washington but in the regional offices all across the country. Each one of you is part of an agency that makes a real difference for entrepreneurs and families across the nation. You're helping to make possible the investment and enterprise that generates jobs, strengthens communities, and improves the lives of your fellow citizens. Whether it's aiding an inventor as he turns out a new idea, or coming up to help a shop owner rebuild after a natural disaster, SBA employees are engaged in effective, worthwhile, and very important work. You do it well, and we appreciate it.
Now it is my honor to administer the oath of office to the new Administrator of the SBA. He assumes this important office with all the trust and good wishes of all of us. I know this agency will benefit from his leadership, and the nation will benefit from his service. So, Steve, if you'd step forward, I'll be happy to administer the oath.
Raise your right hand. It's the first test is to make sure they -- -- use the right hand.
So I'm blessed by the opportunity to serve this great mission alongside of all of you. And once again, I just thank you for coming. And thank you, Mr. Vice President, for doing this.
You're welcome.
