Well, I'm having so much fun talking to you, I don't know if I'll let Dick talk or not. But maybe I should. Here you go.
That's a first. I'm just enthralled by that sign over here that says, "Cheese Heads Choose Cheney."
Well, we're delighted to be here. We just wanted to stop in a few minutes. You're doing very important work, and we don't want to take you away from those phones any longer than necessary. But Wisconsin is an extraordinarily important state this year, and Lynne and I claim special ties to Wisconsin. Kate's mother was born here. And we -- it had a huge impact on our lives. Not only did we spend time over at the university, but I got my political start here in Wisconsin with Governor Warren Knowles and Congressman Bill Steiger, and some other great Wisconsin politicians who set a very, very high standard just like Congressman Sensenbrenner and Congressman Ryan do.
But Jim and I go way back to the mid '60s, in the state capitol building, when we were young men then and had dark hair. And then we were classmates in the Congress together, and he does a superb job for all of us here in Wisconsin.
But we're now down to the final hours. This is where it all comes together. It's getting folks out to the polls and getting them there so that they can cast that vote. It doesn't matter how many debates they've listened to, or how many commercials, they've seen on the air, from their perspective, it's meaningless if they don't exercise their right to go cast that ballot and participate in this process. We are uniquely privileged as Americans to be part of something like this in terms of the whole process by which we elect our leadership. And this election, I believe, is more important than any in my lifetime. I think the decisions we're making about -- I think the decisions we're making about the future of the nation, national security how we defend and protect us and our kids and grandkids in the future, given this -- the importance of prosecuting the global war on terror, as well as here at home -- education and health care and economic policies and tax policies and so forth; a lot of very, very big issues on the table this year. This is an election that will make a huge difference in terms of the future of the nation. We're deeply grateful for all that you're doing to be here and be part of the effort. And we couldn't do it without you. And we're absolutely convinced that tonight, when all the votes are counted, Wisconsin is going to be Bush-Cheney country.
We just want to thank you all one more time. You are terrific. We love each and every one of you. We so appreciate what you're doing, and onward to victory.
