Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you very much. I thought you said she wanted a date.
Well, we're delighted to be here today. This looks like Bush-Cheney country. We've been traveling through western Pennsylvania today on our bus. We started this morning at Meadville. We're going to finish up today in Coraopolis, where we'll watch the debate tonight when the President steps forward and does, I'm sure, a great job closing out the debates.
The choices in this election could not be more clear. The stakes are very high both at home and abroad, and I believe on November 2nd, the American people are going to make George W. Bush President for four more years.
Now, Lynne talks about knowing me since I was 14 years old. True. She wouldn't go out with me until I was 17. I'm glad she did now, though. Actually, I tell people we got married because Dwight Eisenhower got elected President of the United States. In those years I was a youngster living with my folks in Lincoln, Nebraska. Dad worked for the federal government. Eisenhower got elected, reorganized things, Dad got transferred to Casper, Wyoming, where I met Lynne. We grew up together, went to high school together, and recently celebrated our 40th wedding anniversary. I explained to a group the other night if it hadn't been for Eisenhower's victory, Lynne would have married somebody else. She said, right, and now he'd be Vice President of the United States. No doubt in my mind.
The President and I are delighted to be running alongside a polished slate of Republican candidates here in Pennsylvania this fall, including Phil English of the third district. It's great to have Phil with us. And Melissa Hart in the fourth. And although he couldn't be here today, I also want to put in a good word for Senator Arlen Specter. The President and I are proud to work with him in Washington, as well. I also want to mention two other great Pennsylvania leaders who couldn't be with us today, but they're both good friends of mine -- Senator Rick Santorum and your former governor -- And Governor Tom Ridge. Tom has done a superb job for us. Tom has been in the effort that's at the front lines of defending the nation, the Department of Homeland Security ever since right after 9/11. And he's doing a superb job.
It's great to be Saxonburg, a historic part of Butler, County. The President and I have been here many times in Pennsylvania over the -- the last four years, and with your help, we're going to carry Pennsylvania on Election Day.
The President is doing well here because Pennsylvania voters understand the importance of steady principled leadership in the White House. This is no ordinary time for America. And the last three-and-a-half years have brought some serious challenges to our country. We're meeting every one of those challenges with strength and resolve. Today, people in Pennsylvania and across the land can be confident of a better future, a stronger economy, and a nation more secure thanks to the character and the leadership of our President, George W. Bush.
As Vice President, I now have an opponent of my own. People tell me Senator Edwards got picked for his good looks, his charm, his sex appeal, his great hair.
I said, "How do you think I got the job?"
But in all seriousness, this is an important election. And it could not come at more crucial time in our history. We face an enemy every bit as intent on destroying us as were the Axis powers in World War II. This is not an enemy we can reason with, or negotiate with, or appease. This is, to put it simply, an enemy that we must destroy. And with George Bush as Commander-in-Chief, that is exactly what we are doing.
Under the President's leadership, we have reached around the world to capture and kill hundreds of al Qaeda. In Afghanistan, the camps where terrorists trained to kill Americans have been shut down, the Taliban driven from power.
First time that ever happened.
In Iraq, we dealt with a gathering threat, and removed the regime of Saddam Hussein. Eighteen months ago, he controlled the lives of 25 million people -- today, he sits in jail.
We're also helping the people of Iraq and Afghanistan build representative governments. In Afghanistan, 10 million people registered to vote, nearly half of them women. Elections were held just last Saturday, the first in the 5,000-year history of that country.
In January, the people of Iraq will vote, as well. The world is better as these countries move towards self-government -? and we are safer because freedom is the best antidote for terrorism.
President Bush's determination in the war on terror has also sent a very clear signal around the world. Just five days after Saddam was captured, the government of Libya agreed to abandon its nuclear weapons program and turn the materials over to the United States.
The biggest danger we face today is having nuclear weapons technology fall into the hands of terrorists. The President is working with many countries in a global effort to end the trade and transfer of these deadly technologies. The most important result thus far -? and it's a very important one -? is the black-market network that supplied nuclear weapons technology to Libya, as well as Iran and North Korea has been shut down. The world's worst source of nuclear proliferation is out of business, and we are safer as a result.
We could not have succeeded in these efforts without the help of dozens of countries around the world. We will always seek international support for our international efforts, but as President Bush has made very clear, there is a difference between leading a coalition of many nations and submitting to the objections of a few. We will never seek a permission slip to defend the United States of America.
America faces a choice on November 2nd between a strong and steadfast President and his opponent, who seems to adopt a new position every day. In the second presidential debate, Senator Kerry managed to adopt two positions within a matter of minutes, saying first that Iraq under Saddam was a threat and then declaring that it wasn't. In the first presidential debate, Senator Kerry said that before America acts we must pass a "global test," but the President and I know better. Our job is not to conduct international opinion polls, but to defend the American people.
When John Kerry suggests a global test, he goes right back to his beginnings in politics, when he ran for Congress the first time and said he would only deploy U.S. troops under the authority of the United Nations.
During the 1980s, he opposed Ronald Reagan's major defense initiatives that brought victory in the Cold War. And in 1991, when Saddam Hussein occupied Kuwait and stood poised to dominate the Persian Gulf, Senator Kerry voted against Operation Desert Storm.
You will occasionally hear bold talk from the Senator but tough talk during a 90-minute debate cannot disguise a 30-year record of coming down on the wrong side of virtually every major defense issue.
The position Senator Kerry adopted most recently seems to be that he would not have supported the use of force to remove Saddam Hussein's regime, and that removing Saddam has somehow weakened our national security. But nine months ago when Howard Dean took a similar position during the Democratic primaries, Senator Kerry jumped all over him and said, and I quote: "Those who doubted whether Iraq or the world would be better off without Saddam Hussein, and those who believe today that we are not safer with his capture, don't have the judgment to be President or the credibility to be elected President." That's an exact quote of John Kerry. The only thing I have to say to that is, I'm Dick Cheney and I approve this message.
All the shifts Senator Kerry has made are troubling, but there is one that really stands out. It starts with Senator Kerry and his running mate, Senator Edwards, voting in favor of using force against Saddam Hussein. But then, when it came time to vote for funds that would provide our fighting men and women with body armor, ammunition, jet fuel, and spare parts, Senators Kerry and Edwards voted no.
Only 12 members of the United States Senate opposed the funding that would provide vital resources for our troops. Only four senators voted for the use of force and against the resources our men and women needed once they were in combat. Only four. Senators Kerry and Edwards were two of those four.
At first Senator Kerry said that he didn't really oppose the funding. He both supported and opposed it. He said, and I quote, "I actually voted for the $87 billion before I voted against it." Well that certainly clears things up. Lately he's been saying he's proud that he and Senator Edwards voted no, and he explains that his decision was "complicated." But funding American troops in combat should never be a complicated question. We need a President who will back our troops 100 percent, and that's exactly what we've got in George W. Bush.
The clearest, most important difference in this campaign is simple to state. President Bush understands the war on terror and has a strategy for winning it. Senator Kerry does not.
All doubt on the matter was removed this past weekend by comments Senator Kerry made to The New York Times. The Senator said he wanted to lead America back to the place where we were, to a time when terrorism was -- in his words -- a nuisance like illegal gambling and prostitution. That's the comparison he made.
When I read that, I thought to myself, when was terrorism only a nuisance? Was it a nuisance four years ago yesterday, when the USS Cole was attacked and we lost 17 sailors and nearly lost the ship? Was terrorism just a nuisance 11 years ago when the World Trade Center was first bombed? Or 16 years ago when Pan Am Flight 103 was blown out of the skies over Lockerbie, Scotland?
Or 21 years ago when a truck bomb hit a barracks in Beirut and killed 241 American Marines?
Ladies and gentlemen, there was never a time when terrorism was a nuisance. There never can be a time when terrorism is a nuisance.
Our goal is not to reduce terror to some acceptable level -- our goal is to defeat terror, and with George Bush as President, America will stay in the fight until the fight is won.
These are not times for leaders who shift with the political winds, or fail to understand the nature of the struggle we are in. Our troops, our allies, our enemies must know where America stands. The President of the United States must be clear and consistent. In his years in Washington, John Kerry has been one of a hundred votes in the U.S. Senate -? and fortunately on matters of national security, his views rarely prevailed. But the presidency is an entirely different proposition. A senator can be wrong for 20 years, without consequence to the nation. But a President always casts the deciding vote. And in this time of challenge, America needs -? and America has -? a President we can count on to get it right.
I guess you guys don't mind the rain, huh?
President Bush knows that our dedicated servicemen and women represent the very best of the United States of America. And I want to thank them and all the veterans with us here today for what they've done for all of us.
This is good, now I can give the whole speech.
One of the most important commitments the President made in the last campaign was that our armed forces would be given the resources they need and the respect they deserve, and he's kept his word to the U.S. military.
On Iraq, Senator Kerry has disagreed with many of his fellow Democrats. But Senator Kerry's liveliest disagreement is with himself. His back-and-forth reflects a habit of indecision, and sends a message of confusion. It's all part of a pattern. He has, in the last several years, been for the No Child Left Behind Act ?- and against it. He has spoken in favor of the North American Free Trade Agreement -? and against it. He is for the Patriot Act -? and against it. Senator Kerry says he sees two Americas. It makes the whole thing mutual -? America sees two John Kerrys.
Our country requires strong and consistent leadership for our actions overseas, and the same is true for our policies here at home. When President Bush and I stood on the inaugural platform on the west side of the U.S. Capitol and took the oath of office, our economy was sliding into recession. Then terrorists struck on 9/11 and shook our economy once again. We faced a basic decision ?- to leave more money with families and businesses, or take more of the American people's hard-earned money for the federal government. President Bush made his choice. He proposed and he delivered tax cuts for the American people not once, not twice, but four times.
Every American who pays federal income taxes benefited from the Bush tax cuts -? and so has our economy. We've created jobs for 13 consecutive months -? a total of 1.9 million new jobs during that period -? almost 100,000 new jobs in the last month alone. Here in Pennsylvania, more than 66,000 jobs have been created since February. Mortgage rates, and interest rates, and inflation are all low. Consumers are confident, businesses are investing, and families are taking home more of what they earn.
We're seeing record exports for farm products. Farm income is up. Our farm economy is strong and that's good for the entire nation.
We know there are still challenges, especially in our manufacturing communities. The President and I will not be satisfied until every American who wants to work can find a job. But this is a strong economy; it's growing stronger. The Bush tax cuts are working.
In our second term, we'll keep moving forward with a pro-growth, pro-jobs agenda. We will work to make the Bush tax cuts permanent. And to help families and small businesses, we will lead a bipartisan effort to reform and simplify the federal tax code.
We will work to end lawsuit abuse. We know it's a lot easier for America's businesses to hire workers if they don't have to keep hiring lawyers. And we will work for medical liability reform because we know the cost of malpractice insurance is creating a crisis, not only in Pennsylvania, but across the nation. America's doctors should be able to spend time healing patients, not fighting off frivolous lawsuits.
Our opponents have a very different vision for the country. In the Senate, John Kerry voted to increase taxes 98 times.
He opposed the President's middle class tax relief, and voted to squeeze another $2,000 per year from the average middle class family.
He is opposed to the reform of our legal system, and he is against medical liability reform. And now Senator Kerry is proposing massive increases in federal spending. His big idea for the economy: raise our taxes.
President Bush and I will also continue to defend our society's fundamental rights and values. We stand for a culture of life, and reject the brutal practice of partial birth abortion. We stand strongly for the Second Amendment and will defend the individual right every American to bear arms. We believe that our nation is "one nation under God." And we believe Americans ought to be able to say so when we pledge allegiance to our flag.
There shouldn't be any question about this ?- and there wouldn't be if we had more reasonable judges on the federal bench. The Democrats in the Senate have been doing everything they can ?- including using the filibuster -? to keep the President's sensible, mainstream nominees off the bench. They are hoping to wait the President out. But I've got news for them. That's not going to happen because we're going to win this election.
My friends, the differences between the President and his opponent are as sharp as they can possibly be, and the consequences for the country are enormous. On vital matters of national security, Senator Kerry offers a record of weakness and a strategy of retreat. President Bush offers a record of steady purpose and resolute action, and a strategy for victory. Senator Kerry is a tax-and-spend liberal; President Bush is a compassionate conservative. Senator Kerry wants to empower government; President Bush will use government to empower people. John Kerry seems to think that all the wisdom is found in Washington, D.C.; George Bush trusts the wisdom of the American people.
On issue after issue, President Bush has a clear vision for the future of our nation. America has come to know him, and I have come to admire him very much. I watch him at work every day. He's a person of loyalty and kindness, a man who speaks plainly and means what he says. I have seen him face some of the hardest decisions that can come to the occupant of the Oval Office -? and make those decisions with the wisdom and the humility Americans expect in their President.
Under President Bush's leadership, we will use America's great power to serve great purposes, to protect our homeland by turning back and defeating the forces of terror, and to spread hope and freedom around the world. Here at home, we'll continue building a prosperity that reaches every corner of the land so that every child in America has a chance to learn, to succeed, and to rise in the world.
The President and I are honored by your commitment to the cause we all share. President Bush and I will wage this effort with complete confidence in the judgment of the American people. The signs are good ?- here in Pennsylvania, and even in Massachusetts. According to a news account, people leaving the Democratic National Convention in July asked a Boston policeman for directions. He replied, Leave here ?- and go vote Republican.
President Bush and I are honored to have the support of that police officer, and of Democrats, Republicans, and independents from every calling in American life. We're grateful to our many friends across the great state of Pennsylvania. I want to thank you for the tremendous welcome. We're proud to have you on the team. And together, on November 2nd, we'll see our cause forward to victory.
Thank you very much.
